Here's some code that draws a square.
Notice how we're using the same lines over and over again here,
and that's just for a square with four sides.
What if we wanted to draw a shape with say a 100 sides?
That's a lot of work and it turns out it's not necessary.
Using a four loop,
we can draw a shape having as many sides as we
want and it will only take three lines of code.
To create a for loop,
we start with a line like this;
for side in [1, 2,
3, 4]: then we follow it with the code that we want to loop or repeat.
Notice how we indented these lines by moving them four spaces to the right.
This is how we show that these lines are inside the loop.
In other words, it's these indented lines that will get run repeatedly.
So, this code will run multiple times,
but how many times?
Well, notice the four something in something else structure in this line.
Essentially, it is saying run the code in
this loop one time for each of the things in this list.
Since there are four items in the list,
the loop runs four times.
For this particular loop,
it doesn't really matter what the items in the list are.
We could change these numbers or even replace them with strings.
Again, the loop runs one time for each item in the list
and it's because there are four items in the list that the loop will run four times.